
#Car Rental Database System
  Main purpose of this project is that a car rental system rents cars to customers.  This sytem needs several information about cars, customers, branches, employees, contracts, payment, extra services, insurance of cars and maintenances. First of all, the company has many cars. Each car has some properties such as brand, model, name, mileage, color, licence-plate, car payment. Cars divide into different categories: economic, middle, premium and SUV. On the other hand, customers have name,surname, phone, date of birth, driver-licence and TC idenitity  number. Secondly, while renting a car, the company make a contract with customers. This contract includes customer, employee who is driver personals, payment informations, number of cars and date of renting and returning car. Finally, anyone over 18 and who has taken before 3 years can rent a car. Customer pay different charges according to number of renting cars, difference of returning and renting date send given extra services by the company. Customer can want some extra equipments for renting car such as GPS, baby seat, driver, full accident insurance, snow tire etc. Before renting car, payment affected by these extras: car fuel type, being driver or not etc. While returning car, cars are controlled  about accident, punishment and kilometre difference. If there is once of them, payment will change.  
   (Note: Car Rental Database System is developed on Oracle Database Express Edition 11g and written by using SQL.In addition, this project is developed by me and my friends Mehmet Ali Akkaş and Muhammet Mevlüt Çağrı Ceylan in Information Management Course.)
